Gimli: Like I care?

(Gimli turns away, starting to walk away)

Gimli: (to Aragorn) You’ve already had it.

Aragorn: (to Gimli) So do all who live to see such times.

Gimli: Then why not? 

(They are both standing in the central chamber) 

Gimli: (to Aragorn) I would have followed you, had I known you would follow me. 

Aragorn: (to Gimli) The Ring is with me. Always will be. 

Gimli: (to Aragorn) I care not.

(Suddenly, Gimli has the Ring on his palm)

Gimli: (whispering frantically) Where is the Ring? 

(Suddenly, Gimli has the Ring on his palm)

Gimli: (grabbing the Ring, pulling it out and holding it in between his fingers, suddenly understands what he is doing) It comes to me, my own reflection. My own being. My own. My own. My own. My own! 

(Suddenly, Gimli has the Ring on his palm)

Gimli: (grabbing the Ring, pulling it out and holding it in between his fingers, suddenly understands what he is doing) It comes to me, my own reflection. My own being. My own. My own! 

(Gimli suddenly understands what he is doing) 

Gimli: I see it. I feel it. It is yours, my own. My own. My own! My own! My own! My own!

(Suddenly, Gimli has the Ring on his palm)

Gimli: It comes to me, my own reflection. My own being. My own. My own! My own! My own!

(Gimli tightens his grip on the Ring, and the Ring shoves him away. Legolas finally comes running up, but stops and watches sadly from a distance)

Gimli: (to Legolas) What’s this? 

Legolas: A Nazgûl? 

Gimli: (gruffly) No. 

(Gimli releases the grip on the Ring. It flies up into the sky, and then crashes into the nearby hills. The Fellowship is in a daze. Sam reaches down to pick up the dropped shaft. He puts the Ring in his pocket and pulls the trigger. A cloud of dust and noise is caused. The Fellowship starts to whisper among themselves) 

Gimli: (whispering hysterically) It comes to me! It comes to me! 

(Cady sees the Ring in her hand. She reaches out and takes it, staring at the stone pedestal with disbelief. She sees the snake eyes and the broken teeth. She sees the mud splattered across the floor and walls. She reaches out and puts the Ring in her palm)

Cady: It must be stolen.

Gimli: No. Not by nightfall, nor by daybreak. It must be given to me. 

Cady: Give me it. It’s mine. I found it! (turns around) What do you want? 

(Gimli looks at Cady confusedly)

Gimli: I found it! It came to me! 

Cady: You found it? It must be so hard to get hold of! 

Gimli: I think I’m getting the hang of it. (turns back around) So how did you get hold of it?

Cady: I think I know what you are.

Gimli: What are you saying? You’re saying that I am an imposter? 

Cady: No, I didn’t say that.

Gimli: I didn’t say anything.

Cady (VO): It had to be said. It had to be said.

Gimli: (v.o.) I think I know what you are.

Cady (VO): It had to be said. It had to be said.

Gimli: (v.o.) I'm Gollum.

Cady (VO): It had to be said. It had to be said.

Gimli: (v.o.) I am Gollum.

Cady (VO): It had to be said. It had to be said.

Cady: (v.o.) I am Gollum.

Legolas: How do you spell your name again, Frodo?

Frodo: It’s Gollum.

Cady: Gollum?

Cady (VO): There you go.

Cady: So that's against the rules and you can't sit with us. But whatever. These rules aren't real.

Gollum: They were real that day I shaved my back.

Cady: And you want me to shave it off? That's against the rules and you can't sit with us. But whatever. These rules aren't real.

Cady (VO): These rules were just that: Rules. The first day I showed up at the door, the first person I saw was Cady. And it wasn't pretty.

Cady: Hey.

Cady (VO): Rules. Everything had to be on a first-come, first-serve basis. And now, here I was. Cady, stripped down to her tank top and flip-flops, trying to sneak into Ms. Norbury's science class.

Ms. Norbury: What is natural gas?

Cady: It's a gas.

Ms. Norbury: It's legal in New York?

Cady: Yeah, I mean, it's not technically illegal, but she's technically broke.

Ms. Norbury: Yeah, I mean, that sounds bad, doesn't it?

Cady: But whatever. The law is the law and the law can be broken.

Ms. Norbury: Break it, Cady.

Cady: It's just rules. Like, you know, the one rule that everybody follows is that you can't wear a tank top two days in a row. But if you're a good student, you can wear a tank top and flip-flops on the fourth day. You know, like Miss Frizzle.

Editor's Note: Although Miss Frizzle did not receive a tank top and flip-flops, her sweater still looked like it had been bought by a gangly teenager.

Gretchen: I'm a good student.

Karen: Yeah, I know.

Cady: I'm a good student, too.

Karen: Give me my sweatshirt.

Cady: Thanks.

Karen: Teal blue.

Cady: Yeah.

Karen: It's so adorable.

Cady: Yeah.

Karen: I gave you some extra socks.

Cady: Thanks.

Karen: Let me see you have a good time, Cady.

Cady: I have a great time, Karen.

Karen: See, there's only so much fun you can give a friend.

Cady: You mean like candy?

Karen: Yeah, gimme two candy cane-grams.

Cady: I'll give you one more chance.

Karen: What are you doing? You're so annoying.

Cady: Karen, you do not sit still!

Karen: What are you doing?! 

Cady: Karen, stop it!

Karen: No! Do you know what? It's not that I'm irritating you, it's that I have to leave. Can't you two stay here? It won't hurt anyone. 

Cady: We'll talk later. Won't you talk to me like that? I'm not interested in being talked to. I mean, I know some people are., but that's not the point. The point is, I have to go. I have to go to sleep. It's 5:10 in the morning. Oh, God, I love you so much. So sad to see you go. I don't know why I did it, but when I think about how you used to help me every day, and how you used to think of me as your sister, and all the girls in the world, I guess you broke up. You didn't kill Gretchen Wieners.

Cady: I didn't kill her.

Karen: No, you didn't.

Cady (VO): It was the strangest feeling. I could hear her heartbeat in my ears.

Cady: She's not dead.

Karen: No, she is.

Cady (VO): I guess it's not work.

Cady: (to her parents) I'm home! OK, honey, do you want a snack?

Cady: Yeah, I'm all right.

Betsy: What's wrong?

Cady: I think I'm having a nervous breakdown.

Legolas: (gruffly) I wouldn't count on it.

(Frodo throws a stone onto the square and it bounces off of the wall, disappearing into the lake) 

Gandalf: None of us should count on it.

Frodo: It's a pity Frodo doesn't have a camera now. 

(Gandalf takes a step forward, scared, and thrusts his camera towards the Stone Cade) 

Gandalf: (whispering in fear) It’s a trap! It might have caught the Ring, had it not been for the skill of the Elves.

(Gandalf takes another step forward, scared, and puts his hand over the camera) 

Gandalf: I think I’m getting the idea. 

(Gandalf turns back around and walks away. The camera slowly walk towards the Stone Cade. Frodo and Sam stand upon the banks of the river, looking down upon the city from a height)

Frodo: Gandalf? 

Sam: Run!

Frodo: I have no choice. 

(Sam carefully makes his way through the crowd, making his way to the foot of a tree)

Sam: Where is it? 

Frodo: Brandywine Barrow. 

Sam: To the Gap of Rohan. 

Frodo: Where? 

Sam: To the Gap of the Sauron, if I can get across the river. 

Frodo: I can't cross the river. I'm going to Mordor alone. 

Sam: Frodo, we have to leave the Shire. We must get to Bree. 

Frodo: Bree is the closest we can get to the heart of Mordor. The Ring is bound to a different person. 

Sam: Frodo, we have to leave the Shire. 

Frodo: No! Sam! 

Sam: No, no, listen to me! This is it! 

Frodo: I can’t do this! 

Sam: No, no, listen to me! This is it! 

Frodo: I know it’s wrong, Sam. But I have to do this. The Ring must be left behind! 

Sam: But we don’t even know where to begin! 

Frodo: Sam, no! Look! There is a beginning and a middle… A… B… C… D… E… F… G… H… I… J… K… L… M… N… O… P… Q… R… S… T… U… V… W… X… Y… Z…

(Aragorn is reading a book. Boromir enters and pauses to look at the painting of Isildur and Sauron. He then notices Aragorn and faces him)

Aragorn: I struggle to see the Lord of the Earth in the painter. His pale, sad face is eons ago. Yet my heart still feels the influence of that foul power.

(Then Sauron turns and looks at Aragorn)

Palantír: The painting is of Isildur, son of Sauron. He is the image and spirit of Sauron. You owe him your allegiance.

(Isildur has an angry look on his face)

Isildur: I have no allegiance.

(Isildur turns and leaves. The scene cuts to an aerial view of Barad-Dûr.)

Gimli: That was the one time!

(An eagle flies over Isildur’s tomb)

Gimli: It was painted by the Ringwraiths themselves!

Orcs: Skulls and bones!

(Isildur walks over to the remains of Sauron, and lifts the remains out from beneath the Ringwraiths. They pop up out of the dirt, and look at him in shock.)

Isildur: They were once Men- Great Kings of Gondor. Then Sauron the Deceiver gave to them nine rings of power. Blinded by their greed, they took them without question, one by one falling into darkness. Now they are slaves to his will.

(Isildur looks away, taking deep breaths. He looks back at the council, looking at them with a tear running down his face.)

Frodo: I shall follow you to Rivendell. And then we will go to Moria. 

Frodo: Mordor will be our last journey. 

Frodo: And I don’t suppose I’ll see you there. 

Frodo: You will miss it, won’t you? 

Frodo: I don’t suppose I’ll. 

Frodo: You will lose her, won’t you? 

Frodo: Yes, indeed I will. 

Frodo: You will lose her, won’t you? 

Frodo: Yes, indeed I will.

Frodo: She would have you, I think. She would have me. She’s changed. She doesn’t look like she’s changed at all. She looks like a model from the seventies.

Frodo: I think I know what she wants. She wants me to give her a little boost. She thinks I broke up with her boyfriend. She thinks I turned her down for one reason or another. She thinks I'm trying to ruin her life. You know what? It's not even close to ruining her life. I don't care how long it takes. It will be worth it in the end. I don't care how long it takes. It will be worth it in the end. Because at the end, she will be nothing without me. She will be nothing without me.

Frodo: I know what she wants. I would never do that to her. Not even to try to make her like me. But I can't do it, because I'm her girlfriend. She is my girlfriend. And I couldn't be more thrilled to announce that we're dating. Now, if you say anything, she's gonna find out and ruin your life. You know that? That upset me, actually. Because I couldn't stop her. I had to keep her together.

(The phone rings.)

Cady: Hello?

Regina: She's mad at me. I couldn't stop her. I mean, I don't care how much she hates me I could never stop her. Not after she convinced me that you were a failed singer-songwriter.

Cady (VO): And although I tried very hard not to think about it, it was obvious to me. It wasn't just her he was mad at. It was me.

Cady: I'm not mad at you.

Regina: I know. Look, I know it's wrong to skip class, but I have to go through with it. It's not right that I should skip class. I have to go to my art history class.

Cady: Really? You don't want me to skip class?

Regina: No. You want me to sit there and take notes, and then you'd better get going, because I have to go to my art history class.

Cady: I can't do it. I have to go to my art history class. I have to learn all about this amazing student named George Pelecanos.

Regina: George?

Cady: Yes.

Regina: He's almost too cool to eat.

Cady: I hope he doesn't become a celebrity.

Regina: George, I think you're wearing too much.

Gretchen: OK, no offense, but you've already had it.

Regina: Oh, my God, no, I'm just being picky. I have to admit, I was quite surprised when he didn't call me back.

Cady: Well, you wanna have lunch with me?

Regina: Oh, I have to go. I'm on a school trip.

Cady: No, no. I'm not going.

Regina: What trip?

Cady: I had planned on going with my parents. But now I had this new girlfriend I was falling in love with.

Cady: Oh, my God, what are you doing?

Regina: Oh, I have to go to her art show.

Cady: You can't go to her show. It's private.

Regina: What show?

Cady: Oh, she gave me some candy.

Regina: What are you doing?

Cady: Talk to me like I'm nothing.

Regina: What are you doing?

Cady: You're supposed to call me by my first name.

Regina: But you already called me by that one.

Cady: You didn't call me back.
Merry: Yeah, I'm gonna call you Bag End now.

Bag End: Aw, Thanks, Sam.

Cady: (to Regina) It's OK, it's OK. Move.

Regina: OK, Fatty, you did not read the book.

Frodo: I didn't say anything.

Regina: Only that you were the one to bring it up.

Frodo: I don't get it.

Regina: You were so busy being a house-elf that you didn't notice that Bilbo had gone missing?

Frodo: Bilbo went missing?

Regina: No. I think he’s still alive! He’s got his beard!

Frodo: I think he’s dead!

Regina: Freak!

(She looks at Frodo with a huge, scary grin)

Regina: Now, here's what we're gonna do! We are going to have a wild party at the end of the month? and everyone is invited? And everyone is allowed to drink? And everyone is allowed to wear what they want? And no one is punished for trying to get in? That was the fun part!

Frodo: I think I'm joining.

Regina: Yeah, you are!

Frodo: Scotland!

Regina: Great, let’s go.

(She takes her ring off and throws it into the fireplace)

Cady: (throws herself under the fire, choking on her drink) No!

Regina: I think I’m joining the IRA!

Frodo: No, no, listen to me. I don’t mean to.

Regina: I know, I know. It’s only fair, I think.

Frodo: OK, fine, join the IRA.

Regina: No, no, listen to me. I don’t mean to.

Frodo: I think I’m joining the IRA because I think that is the most democratic way to run a party?

Regina: What do you mean?

Frodo: Well, for one thing, you don’t get to choose which members of the IRA you want to represent. And for another, we don’t have a lot of representation in parliament right now.

Regina: Well, there are only so many times that can be done before somebody gets hurt.

Frodo: But we don’t have any injured members of Parliament yet.

Regina: We don’t have any who have actually suffered any physical or mental damage as a result of their political views.

Frodo: But we do have some who are very unhappy with their political views.

Regina: I know. And I want you to know that.

Frodo: But I think that sort of thing should be left to the free will of each individual?

Regina: I don’t think that's democracy.

Frodo: It should be left to the free will of each individual, yes. But you’re not letting me have it!

Regina: Freedom is not free, Mr. Frodo. It must be paid for.

Frodo: You want me to join your group? To kill Sauron? No, I don’t want to join your group.

Regina: What group are you in?

Frodo: I’m an independent.

Regina: Independent?

Frodo: You’re not an independent, you’re a Republican!

Regina: What?

Frodo: I voted for Sarah Palin!

Regina: I didn’t vote for her, I voted for Joe Biden!

Regina: What?

Frodo: I didn’t think she’d be that good for us, I thought she'd be more suited to be our VP.

Regina: Well, I wouldn’t put it past you.

Frodo: I wouldn’t put it past me either.

Regina: Because you don’t have a conscience, Mr. Frodo. You have no conscience.

(She kicks him in the stomach)

Frodo: (whispering in pain) No! Oh, no, I’m not going!

Regina: You fool!

(She grabs his hair and yanks him towards the door)

Gretchen: Oh, no!
Gandalf: (rises) Do you not understand that while we bicker among ourselves, Sauron’s power grows?! None can escape it! 

Man: You’ll all be destroyed!

(Frodo watches the Ring, the angry figures of the council reflected on its surface. Suddenly, flames flare up, engulfing the surface of the Ring)

Ring: Ash Nazg Durbatuluk! Ash Nazg Gimbatul! Ash Nazg Gimbatul! Ash Nazg Gimbatul!

(The intensity of the arguments increase. Slowly, Frodo understands what he must do. He rises and takes a step toward the arguing council, trying to make his voice heard above theirs)

Frodo: I will take it! I will take it!

(Everyone stops arguing. Gandalf closes is eyes as he hears Frodo’s statement. Everyone slowly turns toward Frodo, surprised)

Frodo: I will take the Ring to Mordor. Though.. I do not know the way. 

Gandalf: (walks towards Frodo) I will help you bear this burden, Frodo Baggins, so long as it is yours to bear. (puts his hand on Frodo’s shoulder)

Aragorn: (rises) If you ask it of me, I will give you the One Ring. 

(kneels before Frodo)

Aragorn: It is yours now. It will not be destroyed.

Gandalf: (rises) It is my own, Aragorn. And I have nothing to give it to. 

(kneels even more before handing it to Frodo)

Aragorn: The Ring is beyond my control. It will only be destroyed. 

Gandalf: (kneels) It will be destroyed! It will be destroyed!

(Karen enters the room)

Karen: (to Frodo) It’s mine! It came to me! It came to me! 

Gandalf: (whispering) What about Frodo? He will not be destroyed. 

Karen: (to Frodo) It’s important! It must be kept secret! 

(Frodo decides to keep the Ring secret. He keeps it a secret from everyone except for his closest friends and family)

Friends: (to each other) You have been very persistent, Mr. Frodo. 

Frodo: I know, I know. It’s important! 

Friends: (to each other) Don’t worry, we will find out who did it. 

Frodo: (gruffly) I think I’m the one who did it.

Gretchen: (stands up, looking serious) We think we know who did it. 

Frodo: (smiling) I think I know.

Gretchen: (laughs) Well, it’s not you. 

Frodo: (smiling) I think I know.

Gretchen: (laughs) So you think you know something about it.

Frodo: (smiling) I think I know.

Gretchen: (laughs) Well, if you don’t, then I think I know.

Frodo: (smiling) I think I know.

Gretchen: (laughs) Well, that settles it.

Frodo: (smiling) Thanks. 

Gretchen: (standing up, looking serious) I think I know who did it.

Frodo: (smiling) I think I know.

Gretchen: (laughs)

Frodo: (whispering) I think I know something that will help. 

Gretchen: (holding up a hand) Whatever. It’s not your call.

Frodo: You can't just ask people for help.

Gretchen: You know that? That's just…old-fashioned.

(Scene cuts to a corn field where Sam is rustling through. He looks ahead and behind him, then around nervously)

Sam: (somewhat calm) Mr. Frodo? (growing anxious) Frodo? Frodo!

(Frodo turns the corner and looks at Sam confusedly)

Sam: I thought I’d lost you.

Frodo: What are you talking about?

Sam: It’s just something Gandalf said.

Frodo: What did he say?
Gandalf: (to the Fellowship) Stay away! The Ring is still within his grasp!

(Frodo and Bilbo run away, heading for the hills)

Frodo: No!

Bilbo: Stop!

(Frodo collapses onto the ground, his eyes rolling back, screaming)

Frodo: Nooooooo!!!

Bilbo: It’s not over yet!

(He tries to get up, but can’t get up. His hand collapses onto his chest, and the Ring vanishes. He screams, and the Ring disappears too.)

Frodo: Noooo!!!

(Bilbo sighs in relief)

Frodo: He’s still inside the Ring! 

Bilbo: I don’t know how long he trapped it in his chest, but he will destroy himself if he thinks that I should ever speak to the Ring again.

(He reaches for his pipe, but Sauron stops him. He turns to follow Gandalf, and suddenly Sauron has a sword drawn, stabbing him in the chest. He whirls around, seeing Gandalf, and stops dead in front of him)

Bilbo: I have no memory of this place! 

(Strider fights against Sauron, and manages to stick a finger into his mouth. The Eye of Sauron flashes. Strider draws out his sword)

Strider: I have no choice but to follow you. 

(Strider draws out his sword again, and shoots it straight down at Sauron’s hand. The Eye of Sauron flickers once, and then turns back to normal. Strider draws out his sword again, and shoots it straight down at Sauron’s finger, who seems to have stopped moving. Sauron gasps for breath and the Ring vanishes. Strider and the Fellowship struggle to get up at the same time. Eventually, the Fellowship manages to get up and run down the steep staircase. They run down the stairs until they reach the top of Isengard. Below, they stop and see the Eye of Sauron glimmering up from the depths of the water)

Gandalf: Strider!

Strider: (whispering in fear) Saruman!

(The Fellowship sits around the portals, resting while Gandalf tries to decide which portal to enter)

Frodo: I’m leaving everything to him. 

Gandalf: Exactly where? 

Frodo: I don’t know, it’s so sudden! 

Gandalf: I think we should get off the road. 

Frodo: Gandalf? 

Gandalf: It’s so sudden! 

Frodo: No, Gandalf. 

Gandalf: It has to be done. 

Frodo: Gandalf? 

Gandalf: It’s just… I don’t know, he seems like such a good friend. 

Frodo: Friend? 

Gandalf: Well, let’s see. I’ve put off calling you for years. (calling out to the Ring) It’s Frodo Baggins. He’s my second cousin once removed on his mother’s side and my third cousin twice removed on his father’s side, if you follow me.

Frodo: I know this Baggins. He’s on the phone to his mother! 

Gandalf: (to Strider) Get off the phone! Now get off the road.

(Scene cuts to the Nazgûl riding through the forest. The Nazgûl is next to a great stone head, carved out of the mountain, who appears to be Gollum. The Ring is placed on the great stone and the Nazgûl takes it. The Ring flies up to the top of Gollum’s finger, who seals it and flies away. The scene cuts back to Bag End) 

Gollum: (opening the gate) Frodo, the rest of you must get off the road. And get off the road quickly. 

Pippin: What about you? 

Gollum: I’ve left everything to him. 

Pippin: What about you? 

Gollum: I don’t know, he seemed so upset when I didn’t call him. 

Pippin: What about you? 

Gollum: I don’t know, he seemed so upset when I didn’t.
